What is your favorite movie?
   My favorite movie is Memento. It was directed by Christopher Nolan and is based on a short story written by his brother Jonathan. 
The movie follows a man who cannot create new memories on the hunt for the man who killed his wife. He writes down important facts 
about the murder as tattoos all over his body. Anything else he needs to know he takes pictures of and writes notes on the photo. 
The movie starts chronologically in the middle of the plot, and continues to jump around out of order. All scenes before the middle
are in black and white while all scenes after it are in color. What makes the movie special is that you never know who or what to 
trust, even the main character himself. The plot is twisted on itself so many times that it is unclear who is telling the truth. 
The ending makes you think about the pain the protagonist had to endure and what the murder cost to everyone involved. 


If you could go anywhere in the world for vacation, where would it be?
   If I could go anywhere I would go to the Netherlands. For vacation I like a mix of relaxation and culture, and I think that a 
place like Amsterdam is a good mix of the two. If you are looking for culture, there is a rich history to be explored through the 
architecture and museums available to visit. If you are looking to relax then you can enjoy the views of the canals or ride a 
bike through the city. I think it has a great combination of the two and would love to go in the future.

If you could have any super power, what would it be (and why that power)?
   If I could have any super power it would probably be teleportation. You would be able to go anywhere you wanted on a whim. 
Whether it be for vacation, a visit to a friend, or simply because you're too lazy to walk, you could just teleport and appear 
wherever you wanted. And since you wouldn't have to spend time walking anywhere, you would save so much time and effort that you 
could've been using to do other things. Or if you're bored then you could just teleport to someplace way more fun for 30 minutes 
just to have something to do. It seems like a very practical super power. That or I would just make a very lazy super hero.

